Add the second tweasel devlog (#1079)
datenanfragen/website: content/en/devlog/tweasel-update-2/index.md

- We were [a bit worried](https://github.com/tweaselORG/meta/issues/16#issuecomment-1581666342) our certificate pinning bypass might not be working well, crash too many apps and also were unhappy with the UX of [objection](https://github.com/sensepost/objection/), because it left us with a running process we didn’t quite know when to close. Because of that Benjamin started an investigation.
  - To check whether the certificate pinning works, we look for TLS errors in the `mitmproxy` log. We were already logging those events in [cyanoacrylate](https://github.com/tweaselORG/cyanoacrylate), but we weren’t exposing those in the results., so [Benjamin changed that](https://github.com/tweaselORG/cyanoacrylate/pull/33).

>   - With this change in place, Benjamin [ran an experiment](https://github.com/tweaselORG/experiments/tree/main/cert-pinning-bypass) in which he captured the traffic and cert pinning errors of the top 1000 apps of the Play Store. [He found](https://github.com/tweaselORG/meta/issues/16) that our favorite alternative to `objection`, [httptoolkit’s certificate pinning bypass script](https://github.com/httptoolkit/frida-android-unpinning), generated significantly fewer crashes, while both are very effective at disabling certificate pinning (about 80% of cert pinning related error were solved by both scripts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - With this change in place, Benjamin [ran an experiment](https://github.com/tweaselORG/experiments/tree/main/cert-pinning-bypass) in which he captured the traffic and cert pinning errors of 1000 popular apps from the Play Store. [He found](https://github.com/tweaselORG/meta/issues/16) that our favorite alternative to `objection`, [httptoolkit’s certificate pinning bypass script](https://github.com/httptoolkit/frida-android-unpinning), generated significantly fewer crashes, while both are very effective at disabling certificate pinning (about 80% of cert pinning related error were solved by both scripts).
```

>   - With the data from the analysis, Benjamin then went through the apps producing error one by one to try and find another bypass. He [found one in the O2 app](https://github.com/tweaselORG/meta/issues/31), which has already been [merged into the httptoolkit script](https://github.com/httptoolkit/frida-android-unpinning/pull/34).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - With the data from the analysis, Benjamin then went through the apps with errors one by one to find one for which it made sense to write a new bypass. He [did that for the O2 app](https://github.com/tweaselORG/meta/issues/31). The new bypass has already been [merged into the httptoolkit script](https://github.com/httptoolkit/frida-android-unpinning/pull/34).
```
